Why are you just a Tang family?
Dare to challenge the Jiang family
Believe me or not
Remove your Tang family from Yuncheng
Haha, you have to give a fried powder.
What to turn
I said that my husband of Jiang Baguio should not be humiliated
I want you to die again
Forget it, dear.
Let's have our wedding somewhere else.
We can't cross the Jiang family
Yes, Aoxue, we admit defeat.
Let's go. We can't afford to offend the Beicheng Jiang family.
What can't be offended
Have you forgotten?
Kowloon Group
Talk to me about Wanli Investment
I said I would sign the contract at the wedding today
And Lord Zunlong of the Kowloon Group
Said he would accept me as a slave girl
He will also take me to see the sword lord
At that time, the richest person in the Jiang family will get nothing
Oh, how could I have forgotten this?
We still have
The relationship between Kowloon Group and Lord Zhu Long
Right
Jiang Jia is nothing compared to the Kowloon Group
Xinjiang Island
I suggest you hurry up and apologize to my baby.
Otherwise, wait for Lord Zunlong to come
It will be extinguished in a snap of your finger. Your armor is wrong.
Give it to me quickly, just apologize and take responsibility.
I can't find it.
But you support President Tang for us
Ask Jiang Binyao to apologize to President Tang
Apologize to President Tang
He defied our entire cloud business community
Apologies to our entire cloud fly
Apologize
apologize
Who dares to touch the river lock?